Improve the test documentation (#8966)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/development-tutorials/test-document-the-code/test-ballerina-code/configure-tests.md

}

// Test function.
@test:Config
function testFunction1() {
    io:println("I'm in test function 1!");
    test:assertTrue(true, msg = "Failed");
}

// Test function.
@test:Config
function testFunction2() {
    io:println("I'm in test function 2!");
    test:assertTrue(true, msg = "Failed");
}
```

#### The `@test:AfterSuite` annotation

> The `AfterSuite` annotated function will be run once after all the tests in the test suite are run. This can be used for test suite level clean up. A test suite covers tests related to a module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AfterSuite` annotated function will be run once after all the tests in the test suite are run. This can be used for cleaning up at the test suite level. A test suite covers tests related to a module.
```

### Each test case

#### The `before` attribute of the `@test:Config` annotation

> The test config annotation makes use of ‘before’ to denote which function needs to execute before the particular test is run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The test config annotation provides the `before` field which can be used to specify which function needs to execute before the particular test is run.
```

## Ensure test execution order

> The test config annotation makes use of `dependsOn` to indicate the specific test cases that the current test relies upon.This is beneficial for guaranteeing the correct sequence of test execution by specifying the required dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test config annotation makes use of `dependsOn` to indicate the specific test cases that the current test relies upon. This is beneficial for guaranteeing the correct sequence of test execution by specifying the required dependencies.
```
